apartment complex recommendations

Which apartment complexes are actually decent in oxford? I've heard nothing but bad things about a good handful of places.

Comments:

johnny662: take all those reviews with a grain of salt. most people like me are use to to our big parents house and some cheap apartment doesn't even compare. most people working at apartments don't care, they get paid the same regardless, so they try to do the least work possible.

you'll see bad reviews everywhere, just like everyone says their city has the worst drivers ever. But honestly if customer service is a big factor, then stay away from anything with "Summit Management" in it.

[deleted]: Will confirm, Summit are crooks and will do everything they can to steal your deposit no matter how little wear and tear your place had over the lease. They suck ass

GassyZebra583: Lafayette Place and The Hub are both extremely overpriced, and the maintenance is terrible. Be careful about random roommates, or you’ll end up with a smelly, unorganized, piggy bitch.

TypicalCup6053: Or even worse an international student or students that literally live in the kitchen cooking for hours and talking. Then having their friends over now they’re speaking loudly over one another in their own language while spices are simmering on the stove…or they’re cooking live fish with the ammonia seeping under your door. Don’t worry you’ll always be eating fast food bc they’ll always be in the kitchen.

Tyclopster: The Links is also a solid place, I currently live here.

TypicalCup6053: Your joking right

steakkitty: I lived at the domain and have no complaints!

TypicalCup6053: Na my car is not going over those speed bumps everyday… those things will bend a rim…

thevirtualdolphin: Friend lived at flats and said it was horrible same thing about uncommon. Retreat has security issues and parties a lot. Connection has a lot of water damage frequently. Archive is super high but good. Idk about rest

zzdomozz: Living at Uclub now and it pretty nice, the apartment itself it awesome and plenty big for 3 and 4 people. Staff can be annoying and it’s pretty quiet. Downside is you have to share walls with another unit and they could be loud. 400 for a shared room and 550 for a single.

sko-rebs: Live in a house somewhere

claireupvotes: The favorite place any of my friends ever lived was uncommon. Walking distance from campus and the bars, units are nice too (although a little small). Everyone always hung out there because it was so close to the bars

walking-on-the-moon: I’ve lived in three places since I’ve been here. Brighton Village was by far the best, but it’s not cheap and most are privately owned. Keystone Cottages are small and most are quite outdated, but they’re reasonably priced for Oxford. Wellington Place is new, and it looks good on the outside minus the ongoing construction, but they’re overpriced, poorly built, management is completely incompetent, and a few people have big parties at least once a week (not weekend). I know someone who lives at The Mark and she likes it a lot there, no clue about price though.

macmalloy4: I’ve been in highland square for a while now, it’s definitely the my favorite place I’ve lived. I was in the retreat before but all of us who lived there hated it

umrebel55: The Retreat is awful. Look for some that are close to the square that was the best decision I ever made.

unreal-city: Campus creek!!! Soo cheap and it has objectively the best location. Literally your right on Jackson ave and the bus comes every 5 minutes for a 5 min ride to campus. Maintenance is solid and I have no complains about my unit. We had a shit washing machine and within days of complaining we got a brand new really nice one.

Highly recommend

gobraves72: Molly Barr was where I lived. Real solid rent prices. Idk what they are now but I paid $575 and only thing extra I had to pay for was electricity. Water, cable, and internet were included.

Rebeljr: Archive is the nicest out of those apartment complexes but get a house near South 18th or somewhere near the square.

RAMDownloader: Don’t live in the connection, don’t live in the uncommon. Archive is pretty solid if you can afford it. The domain is okay as far as I know, I’ve never heard major complaints
