Avoid Azul Apartments In Oxford at all Costs

Lived in Apartments all over the country and this experience has been easily one of the worst ones.

After the first month of moving in you will receive a renewal notice hiking up the price to as they say a "fair market value." This renewal will be $200 - $500 dollars more than your previous rent, with no description of what this value is really coming from. I moved in when the location was still The Connection, and at the time it was a good deal, but now this "fair market value" is looking at 1800+ for an apartment less than 700 sqft. Since they wont be honest with you, I will be. So, let me break down what your money is really paying for at the Azul Apartment Complex

The square footage they include on the site is a lie, I am in a 2 bedroom 2 bath which is 645 sqft but on the site they say it is 931 sqft.

The appliances in each apartment are not stainless steel and "new," easily 30 years old for all appliances in the apartment, which I don't personally care about but their advertising is inherently false. The refrigerator doesn't make ice, and when I put in a request to get it fixed I was told that the appliances will be replaced soon, no date was provided

They said that all the amenities (listed online): a pool, the 24-hr gym, a business center, a sauna, a lounge, intercoms, private study rooms, and storage spaces, etc would be ready as of August 2024... There is still no end timeline for these amenities being available to residents.

They do not have hardwood flooring, it is cheap LVT that is peeling in most apartments and cheap shag carpet in living quarters.

They also list "high speed internet" but the internet is public with no security password that goes out weekly or speeds so low good luck finishing your assignments or watching hulu on the usual weekday.

There are no secure gates on the property, so anyone can get into the property. There are no cameras on the property, if an accident happens or a robbery good luck getting any help from the office.

You will be charged a monthly "pest fee" but when you request the apartment be sprayed or basic pest prevention, they will inform you it is your responsibility as the tenet to take care of it.

There is no location to receive packages, if your packages get stolen; it was your responsibility not theirs

The plumbing has not been improved and expect monthly issues

Mold is rampant

Some of the buildings just have holes in them from wear and tear and draining issues, turn around for such projects is 2+ months at a minimum

Any issues with the walls or doors are not repaired but painted over

Management do not respond to your concerns and give you false numbers and emails when you want to contact them about issues you are having

24-hr Maintenance is a Joke, as response time usually takes 24 hours after the request at a minimum

Fire Prevention systems and sprinklers are jutting out of the walls and clearly been painted over instead of repaired

There is no internal security systems in any of the apartments, there is a panel, but as the tenet you are not given access

Some months they charge you for water usage, others they do not; It is a mystery charge with no real standard

DO NOT TRUST THE MODEL, it is not the same as the actual apartments

As is custom with moving into a new apartment, they will give you a form to review prior damage to the apartment before move in. The assumption is that they will scan this in to the portal and when you move out you are not held to be liable for damage you did not cause, they do not do this. When I was following up with a repair for the peeling LVT flooring, they told me that that is new damage (despite being listed in this form) and I will be responsible for its repair as they had no proof on record of the damage.

If you take your time to sign this renewal they will post a notice that if you do not sign a renewal before 120 days from the end of lease they will sublet your lease from under you.

So if you believe that $1800/mn is a fair market value for the lack of security, lack of amenity, lack of management, lack of privacy, lack of care, lack of safety, lack of honesty, lack of integrity, and a lack of self awareness then go right ahead. You deserve better than the Azul, because they really don't care about you.

Comments:

[deleted]: As a resident of the Azul, can confirm. The rent thing I haven't experienced (however utilities are almost $200 sometimes) but everything else is true. I lived there last year and they swore up and down the pool would be ready in August. It looks perfectly finished now but they won't let anyone in. Our wifi has been out for the past 3 days, when I called the EMERGENCY NUMBER an AI answered the phone and gave me generic answers. Went 2 weeks without hot water because no one came out to fix it for two weeks after calling two days after the first incident. There was apparently almost a shootout in the parking lot on Saturday night? Last year when I lived there, on multiple occasions maintenance/construction came in while I was there without knocking and installed something without warning as if no one lived there. My roommates and I suck it up and deal with it, but it's not great.

RusticRumrunner (OP): When I moved in at August of 23, It was mid September and they started to send me a renewal request every 60 days following... which I had never seen so close to move in, as usually they are sent out 90 days from end of lease and occasionally a discount would be added if you were consistent with your payments, not that I ever expected it but it was a nice gesture; and the renewal request would start at $100 more then when you did not renew would increase until you did. At 120 days till end of lease they taped a letter on my door stating that if I do not renew by April they would sublet my lease to a tenet more willing to cooperate with their expectations from their tenets. Feeling forced into a corner I went ahead and ate it renewing my lease, and now I see it in the apartment portal again starting at $500 over the lease I first signed with this complex. Predatory business practices do not even begin to describe this place

Material_Wrap8095: Faulkner Flats, which is close to Azul, did the similar shit. They just raised the rent for the 2025-26 academic year by $200 per month.

RusticRumrunner (OP): Because they think you can't go elsewhere

beesbuzzer: hey man just saying, if you have the means you should lawyer up and start collecting photo evidence of all the stuff you listed. ask your neighbors to start collecting too. housing in oxford is bad enough without this blatant exploitation, i feel you hard ✊

OldCooter: The law school runs a free clinic to help low income individuals with predatory housing situations. If you’re a broke college student getting the shaft from a landlord they may be able to help.

At the very least they’ll give you some quality advice for free over the phone.

https://law.olemiss.edu/housing-clinic/

Turbulent_Ad_1904: Fuck azul i live here rn. If ur filing a lawsuit, count me in.

RBJuice: $1800 is crazy. I used to live there in 2017-2020 when it was called the connection and my rent was around $550. Had 3 bedroom and 2 bedroom set up. That is absolutely INSANE for student housing. That genuinely makes me sick to my stomach because that’s the price of apartments in major US cities and “Azul” is generally student housing… how is anyone, student or not, supposed to afford that in Oxford… MISSISSIPPI.

To my understanding since I’ve left Oxford most of these apartments have sold off to larger management companies/corporations. How is this even allowed?

Less_Hurry836: Call the fire department and report any violations. Have them inspect your apartment first. Tell the office that you WILL have the fire dept come in and inspect every single apartment. Once you get a city or state agency involved, you don't have to do anything else. I'm sorry that you are having these problems. I am a parent who would fight as dirty as I could for my child.

Turbulent_Ad_1904: Whats fucked up is, i know people who has a 4bed4 bath apartment and so do we. Their rent for next year is 633 each. And ours is 715 each what in the fucking world is this. Same fucking apartment same damn size.

[deleted]: I lived at the Domain back in 2018 or so and it was like this too. Apartment complexes in Oxford are all garbage, especially if they’re owned by corporate landlords. The only solution is to leave at this point and that’s what I’ll be doing when I get my grad degree this year

snikki2012: I live right next to these apartments and who the heck manages them?? It was Plum but they say it’s not them anymore. People move in and out of there so fast and I only ever hear bad things.

One_Fan8623: does anyone have recs for somewhat luxury housing in the area? I’m moving for law school next year and want to live somewhere nice (preferably alone) and I have a dog.
